Update datatables.js from 1.10.5 to 1.10.22 and deprecate `renderDataTable()`/`dataTableOutput()` (#3998)
rstudio/shiny: NEWS.md

## Breaking changes

> * `renderDataTable()`/`dataTableOutput()` have been officially deprecated and will automatically dispatch to their `{DT}` equivalents (`renderDT()`/`DTOutput()`) when a recent version of `{DT}` is available. If this happens to degrade an existing app, set `options(shiny.legacy.datatable = TRUE)` to get the old implementation. (#3998)

Reviewer: Perhaps make it clearer in the first sentence that people should switch to the DT equivalents?

> * `renderDataTable()`/`dataTableOutput()` have been officially deprecated and will automatically dispatch to their `{DT}` equivalents (`renderDT()`/`DTOutput()`) when a recent version of `{DT}` is available. If this happens to degrade an existing app, set `options(shiny.legacy.datatable = TRUE)` to get the old implementation. (#3998)

Author: ```suggestion
* `renderDataTable()`/`dataTableOutput()` are officially deprecated in favor of [their `{DT}` equivalents](https://rstudio.github.io/DT/shiny.html), `renderDT()`/`DTOutput()`. In most cases, simply changing `renderDataTable()` to `DT::renderDT()` and `dataTableOutput()` to `DT::DTOutput()` is sufficient for upgrading. Also, to promote migration, when a recent version of `{DT}` is available, `renderDataTable()`/`dataTableOutput()` now automatically use their `{DT}` equivalent (and provide a message that they are doing so). If this happens to degrade an existing app, set `options(shiny.legacy.datatable = TRUE)` to get the old (i.e., non-`{DT}`) implementation. (#3998)
```

> * `renderDataTable()`/`dataTableOutput()` have been officially deprecated and will automatically dispatch to their `{DT}` equivalents (`renderDT()`/`DTOutput()`) when a recent version of `{DT}` is available. If this happens to degrade an existing app, set `options(shiny.legacy.datatables = TRUE)` to get the old implementation. (#3998)

Author: ```suggestion
* `renderDataTable()`/`dataTableOutput()` have been officially deprecated and will automatically dispatch to their `{DT}` equivalents (`renderDT()`/`DTOutput()`) when a recent version of `{DT}` is available. If this happens to degrade an existing app, set `options(shiny.legacy.datatable = TRUE)` to get the old implementation. (#3998)
```
